It's my little type.
No.
Fine.
Tell me why I'll tell Richard.
No.
I have cancer.
Not how much time left.
Cancer problem.
No.
I can't be right.
Okay.
Let's get you retested.
Yeah.
Don't waste your energy.
My body is too far home.
Come on.
Give up.
You can't give up.
It would do.
The proper treatment, you're getting it better.
Yeah.
Get that.
You be with me?
I'll love you with all my heart.
Sorry.
My heart is only for Richard.
Yeah, but you see how he treats you.
My mom hurt Richard and that is not his fault.
Hey, Richard.
I need you to know that I got feelings for Samantha.
Okay.
I'm just going to tell you this as a friend.
All right.
That girl, she is an expert at seducing women just like her mother.
So if you know what's good for you, you'll stay away from it.
So I'm saying.
Well done, Samantha.
You sure know how to wrap men around your finger.